Welcome back. You're now in
the 3rd and final
week of this course,
just one more week,
and then you'll be done with
this 1st course of
the specialization.
In this week we dive into data.
How do you get data that
sets up your training,
your modeling for success?
But first, why is defining
what data to use even hard?
Let's look at an example.
I'm going to use the example
of detecting Iguanas.
One of my friends, [inaudible]
really likes Iguanas,
so I have a bunch of iguana
pictures floating around.
Let's say that you've gone into
the forest and
collected hundreds of
pictures like these and you send
these pictures to laborers
with the instructions,
"Please use bounding boxes to
indicate the position
of Iguanas.''
One laborer, may label
it like this and say,
one iguana, two Iguanas.
This laborer did a good job.
A 2nd laborer that is
equally hard working,
equally diligent may say,
look, the iguana on the left has
a tail that goes all the way
to the right to this image.
The 2nd laborer may say
one iguana, two iguana's.
Good job, laborer. Hard to
follow this labor either.
A 3rd laborer may say, well,
I'm going to look
through all hundreds of
images and label them all,
and I'm going to
use bounding boxes,
and so let me indicate
the position iguanas and draw
a bounding box like that.
Three diligent, hard
working laborers can
come up with these three
very different ways
of labeling iguana's,
and maybe any of these
is actually fine.
I would prefer the top two
rather than the 3rd one.
But any of these
labeling conventions
could result in you
learning algorithm,
learning a pretty
good iguana detector.
But what is not fine is if 1/3 of
your laborers use the 1st
and 1/3 the 2nd, and 1/3,
the 3rd labeling convention,
because then your labels
are inconsistent,
and this is confusing to
the learning algorithm.
While, the iguana
example was a fun one.
You see this type of effect in
many practical computer
vision problems as well.
Let's use the phone
defect detection example.
If you ask a laborer to use
bounding boxes to indicate
significant defects,
maybe one laborer will
look and then go, ''Well,
clearly the scratch is the
most significant defect.
Let me draw a bounding
box on that.''
A 2nd laborer may look
at his phone and say,
"There are actually two
significant defects.
There's a big scratch,
and then there's that small mark
there,'' it's called a pit mark,
like if someone poked a phone
with a sharp screwdriver.
I think the 2nd laborer
probably did a better job.
But then a 3rd laborer
may look at this and say,
well, here's a bounding box
that shows you where
the defects are.
Between these three labels,
probably the one in the
middle would work the best.
But this is a very
typical example
of inconsistence labeling
that you will get
back from a labeling process with
even slightly ambiguous
labeling instructions,
and if you can
consistently label the
data with one convention,
maybe the one in middle,
you're learning algorithm
will do better.
What we would do in this week
is dive into best practices
for the data stage
of the full cycle of a
machine learning project.
Specifically, we'll
talk about how
to define what is the data,
what should be x
and what should be
y and establish a baseline
and doing that well will set you
up to label and
organize the data well,
which would give
you a good data set
for when you move into
the modeling phase,
which you already saw last week.
Many machine learning
researchers and
many machine learning
engineers had started
off downloading data off
the Internet to
experiment with models,
so using data prepared
by someone else.
Nothing at all wrong with that,
and for many practical
applications,
the way you prepare your
data sets will have
a huge impact on
the success of your
machine learning projects.
In the next video,
we'll take a look at
some more examples
of how data can be ambiguous,
so that this will set us
up later this week for
some techniques for improving
the quality of your data.
Let's go on to the next video.